Task: 
Extend the API of autoloaded files to include a way to get the file name
as a Str.
it should be a method called .originalFileName:Str
Open a PR with the results.


Task:
Do not execute the following task, but reason about it to find mistakes and places where the instructions are contradictory or could be more clear:
----------

We want to be able to use fearless like this:
Foo:Main,OpenWith[AutoloadedIcon,"extension"]{}
Foo:Main,Shortcut[AutoloadedIcon,"extension"]{}
Foo:Main,OpenWith[AutoloadedIcon]{}
Foo:Main,Shortcut[AutoloadedIcon]{}

Informally, this means that the main wants to be associated so that double click on files with that extension will open that main and that those files should have that icon.
Counter intuitively, on a mechanical perspective, Shortcut is the exact same, but in the mind of the programmer the 'shortcut file' has no information, thus resulting in a simple way to open that main.

Actually, the manage will associate all of those to itself and pass the file url as part of the normal manager commands; then it will check how is that extension associated and trigger the right main.

If no extension, the manager auto assign one from a list that does not conflict with any other main currently compiled under the control of this manager. Thus compilation order may cause different extensions to be assigned if the code does not specify one.
This is sane in a world where extensions are either actually hidden or ignored by users, that just use the images to understand using their apps.
(Ignore for now:On MacOs (eventually) we may have to ignore the user provided extensions that are not in the default list, and ignore the icon if not in the default list.)

we need to add to base the following
OpenWith[Icon,Extension]:{}
Shortcut[Icon,Extension]:{}
OpenWith[Icon]:{}
Shortcut[Icon]:{}

Note: Shortcut intentionally does not extend OpenWith
Note: a main can legally implement both OpenWith[Icon1,"a"] and OpenWith[Icon2,"b"] at once to get more extensions for the same icon.

Type system checks they are only implemented on something that extends (even indirectly) Main; see how it works for Sealed etc with how to add it to the TypeSystem. Of course a part of those checks go in the opposite direction wrt Sealed:"the implementer must also carry Main among its own supertypes.", so some new logic is needed.

Type system will check that the Extension is a text that respects the intended format for extensions (see what is allowed to be in a project)

Controller will check that the Icon is indeed an autoloaded Png, square and with an appropriate size (help me decide the appropriate range). If not it will mimic as close as possible a type error, but since this is about looking into an image file, the task should not be performed by the frontend.

When fearless portable compiles something with OpenWith/Shortcut: no change, no behaviour is induced by the portable for those interfaces.

The manager when compiling something with OpenWith will:
- (Only on windows:) use the existing Java code to create a .ico out of a .png and save that .ico in an appropriate place, somewhere in .fearless_out.
- add an association to that Icon with the fearless manager.
- the .fearless_out now also contain the mains, right? This now need to grow and be an Info format file where each main is connected to the registered extensions, like {'Foo':[]; 'Bar':[".baz",".beer"]}
The manager running program should construct the opposite map (extension->list of mains claiming it) but not save it on disk; keep it in memory and reconstruct it from the managed .fearless_outs on manager restart.

- in the manager gui, it will be displayed that the association exists.
If this is the only app with that association, it will be displayed under a list of 'extensions this mains opens:' with a list with icon and extension.
If there are multiple apps attempting to open this association, it will be displayed under a list of conflicting extensions, reporting icon, extension, and other main icon and project::name. If there is more then one conflict, one conflict only is displayed.
Any extension with a conflict will be associated to a 'conflict' icon (that we need to do; can you take the fearless Icon and put a purple `?` on top of it?) and double clicking it will call the manager as usual, but the manager, realising the conflict, will ask to select one of the associated mains.

-when the fearless manager is called with such an association it will:
 1a: Invoke the main of that application normally.
 1b: If there is conflict, display a minimal gui to select what to open with.
 2:(Ignore for now:) use the existing capability API (System.inputCursor) to feed files into a running app to feed this file to this running main

-Compiling with Shortcut is actually exactly the same; but in addition a file
 "foo.extension" will be created (empty) in the top level of the fearless project containing this main. The user can then use that file to double click to open the main, or drag-drop this file anywhere they like to... still open it from there with a double click.
 Note: foo is the name of the main implementing Shortcut twisted to be valid in the projects exactly the inverse way auto imported assets are twisted to be valid type names, and extension is the user provided second parameter to Shortcut, or the autoselected one by the manager.
 The inversion is well defined: at a first glance one may thing that both foo_bar.png and fooBar.png both go in FooBar; but actually fooBar would be an invalid name in the project; there is only one valid way to invert the transformation.

 The manager gui will then show the icons of the 'shortcutted mains' in the view for that project and double clicking on them will start them. 

FileAssociations.reconcile is keen to do stuff as a single chunk, but if I understand correctly it just means that we can make a single chunk with all the new icons set up for this specific fearless project, while leaving the other icons associated by other fearless project mostly alone (see **).
By forging the right input to that call, the icons associations that are used in other project should be ignorable exactly as we ignore the associations of any other program currently on the OS.
Extensions already associated(**) will need to get the conflict icon.
If the extensions in question are already captured but not by another fearless project registered under this manager: we should act exactly as we act for the .fearless extension itself as 'load time': most likely they were captured by an old now inactive fearless manager and should be 'recaptured' if possible.

record Icon(String extension, Path ico, Path png) 
needs the ico, but it is only used on windows, so we can pass the fearless ico there and it should be ignored.

Autoselecting: the manager will select for Shortcut an extension of the form fappNNN
where NNN are numbers 0-9. The manager will mangle the project name and main name and hash them to get a 0-999 number. That number, if free (non fearless assigned extension by this very manager), is selected; else select the next number; repeat until a free number is found (overflowing to zero if needed).
Yes, if all the 1000 numbers are selected, some error will be given to the user. Wording it will be difficoult.

For OpenWith it will select ffileNNN instead.

Format for extensions, format for files: align it with the checks we do to see the validity of file names in a fearless folder.

Add unit tests when reasonable.
Open the needed PRs to import your results.
